# 16B-Project-DTM
Created By: Diya Cowlagi, Tea Wagstaff, Fameda Mema for PIC 16B 

How to utilize this Repository:

**To run the webscraping code**: use webscraping_notebook.ipnyb with webscrapping.py and journaldata.zip
**To run the sentiment analysis and TensorFlow models**: use sentiment_notebook.ipnyb with journalSentimentAnalysis.py, tensorflow_sentiment_functions.py, and the four csv files generated by the webscraping code (webscraped_data.csv, news_data.csv, journal_data.csv, and magazine_data.csv)
**To run the Zara model**: use zara_model.ipnyb with sales_functions.py and Zara_sales_EDA.csv

Group Contributions:

All group members contributed to all aspects of the project. We collectively worked on web scraping, contributed to each presentation (the development of it and actually presenting it), and posted code regularly to a shared notebook in Google Colab, which served as our primary collaboration platform. We met weekly to provide updates and took detailed planning notes to track our progress. We also texted frequently to update each other on our progress. Additionally, we all contributed to the written components of the project, including the proposal, midterm report, and final report.

Diya contributed to the project for all aspects that are included in it. She wrote the code for the web scraping of the news sources, and she wrote the code for the sentiment analysis for all of the combined web scraped data. When it came to the sentiment analysis portion, Diya brainstormed ideas for how to approach sentiment analysis and the insights to generate from it to help answer our questions and reach our goal. Diya coded the TensorFlow model to gain more insights into the data and to explore the data even further.  She created insights from the analysis and the model that applied to the goal of this project. For the report, she wrote about the news web scraping, the sentiment analysis of all the combined data, and the TensorFlow model. This includes the methods, results, and interpretation sections. She also wrote the conclusions and future work section. Diya also contributed to all of the shared tasks completed by the group. 

Fameda contributed to the project for every development and took part in all of the shared tasks. For web scraping, she researched and sourced relevant academic journals for the project topic, then wrote the necessary functions to effectively PDF scrape. For the sentiment analysis portion of the project, she analyzed the data extracted from the journals. She created two key sentiment analysis functions: one for text and one for the patterns of keywords. In addition, she created a function to graph the information from this analysis, which were analyzed and interpreted in the midterm report, final presentation, and final report. Fameda was also responsible for making final reviews and submitting the project proposal, project midterm report, and project final report. 

Tea contributed to all shared tasks. Additionally, they wrote the code to webscrape the magazine websites using Selenium. They were responsible for integrating the group’s code into cohesive notebooks and reviewing code for clarity and usability. They combined everyone’s web scraping code into csv files that were easy to use for analysis. They also created the finalized Jupyter notebook that took the group’s sentiment analysis code and applied it to each of the csv files. Additionally, they created the Zara sales data model and analyzed it to understand trends. They wrote report sections on their webscraping, sales data model, and magazine data analysis. They made frequent edits to all sections of the report to improve clarity and organization. 


